# Overview

This is a project on demonstrating MCP technology and its applications through Claude Desktop. It includes a live hosted website that allows users to log in and explore a collection of art pieces. It provides users with a way to also favorite/like their art pieces and saves it to the database.

## How To Run Locally

1. Clone the repository to your local machine.
2. Navigate to the project directory and install dependencies using `npm install`.
3. Build it with `npm run build`.
4. Start the development server with `npm run dev`.
5. Open your browser and go to `http://localhost:5173` to view the application.
6. If you want to visit the Live website instead its at https://mcp-project-471a6.web.app/Home

### Can You Set Up The MCP-Server?

- I havent hosted the backend for the MCP-Server so you cant run it locally unless if I provide the serviceAccount.json from firebase. For now the only thing you can do is interact with the local or live website.

## Where AI Was Used

- The entire MCP-Server folder was generated by AI, including the firebase integration and the main server file.
- The Logo for the website was generated by AI
- The Home page's hero section, and cards was generated by AI. It also generated CSS for it but the rest of the CSS was created by me, about 70% of it, to ensure it looked exactly how I wanted it to with flex properties.
- The MuseumArtworks.ts in utils was generated by AI, it handled fetching the art pieces from the Institute of Chicago and I handled the manipulation of the array of art pieces so you can navigate it by index [0,1,2,3...]
- The passing of the Callback function "async (ids: string[])" in the DashboardArtPictures component was generated by my intellisense. I forgot that because I assigned 'Any' to the data type of my second parameter in 'getLikedPosts' function in firebase.ts, I could pass in a custom callback function to retrieve the data that is passed in from the getLikedPosts function.

## The Loader Component

- I used the "react-loader-spinner" pre built component to create my own loader.

### What I Did On My Own

- I handled the decoupling logic, the authentication logic, and the favoriting logic on my own. This was only easy because firebase provides a lot of built in functions to handle authentication and database management, and documentation that shows you exactly how to use those functions. For example the firebase config was already generated by firebase in my firebase project settings.

- I only used AI to generate the MCP-Server and the art fetching logic. I also used AI to generate the content for the Home page, such as the text and layout ideas, but I implemented it myself in code.
